User stories are short, simple descriptions of a feature told from the perspective of the person who desires the new capability, usually a user or customer of the system. They typically follow a simple template:

Admin: An admin can add and remove users and locations as well as unlock/lock accounts.
User: A user is anyone who wants to use the system to view inventory or locations. They cannot actually alter any information.
Location Employee: A location employee is someone who works at one of the dropoff sites and can update the current inventories for his or her location.
Manager: Someone who can view/add/modify information at all locations.
All user types contain the same basic information:
•login name (in recognition of current popular trends, this can be the email address)
•password
•account state (locked or unlocked)
•contact info (email address)
•In addition to this information, a Location Employee should be linked to their location(Employees should only be able to edit information for their specific location).

As a user with an active account, when I login on the website with my correct email address and password, then I should be logged in without any errors

As a user, when I log in, I want to view the donation inventory through searching, so that I can decide what to donate and what is available.

As a user, when I log in, I should not be able to alter the donation inventory, because I don't want to falsify records.

As a user, when I log in, I want to view the donation dropoff sites using maps, because I want to check which location I want to go to, and see my options.

As a user, when I log in, I should not be able to alter the donation dropoff sites, because that would be misleading and not in my scope of usage.

As a location employee, I want to update the current inventories for only my location, because I keep track of activity at my location and access information pertaining to my job.

As an admin, I want to be able to add and remove users and locations with Location Data Handling and Security features, to keep the app current and safe.

As a manager, I want to be able to view the category with the most amount of donations in order to distribute the donations and make sure items are evenly spread and given to those who need it.

As a manager, I want to view and modify all information related to any location, because it is my job to oversee the overall activity and make changes as I see fit.

As a manager, I want to be able to use graphs feature to see the changes and progress of donations and distributions made at my locations.



